So we decided we had to put in a new well
NOTE This is a comment, and should not be displayed
and somebody asked me why I didn't get it wedged
and I didn't know what he was talking about so
he said there was an ol' fella out here that
wedges wells and he'll get ya
water every time so I said okay how much does he want
he wants ten bucks I said bring him on so we brought
this fella out and he went to work with his pit stick
I remember now as a pit stick or a well
he used both yeah either one one works as good as the other
and
he
strikes a point where he hits water
and he puts a stone down
and he goes down
and that same line where he hits water again
he puts another stone down
then he goes at right angles with this and gets
a stone over here and a stone over here and where
these two lines cross that's the point
he said these water veins always run on an angle
never due north and south or east and west
they're north-west and south-east